

JOHN BRZEZICKI


Web Developer

johnbrz@gmail.com

310-561-4509

650 Edith Way, Long Beach, CA 90807

johnbrz.com

Summary:

-   Six years professional experience developing LAMP applications,
    managing Apache servers, and working with and within modern CMS
    frameworks;
-   Excellent ability to communicate with management, engineering, and
    customers;
-   Intelligent, curious, and enthusiastic problem-solver;
-   Friendly disposition, and overall great co-worker and addition to
    any office environment.


Experience:

YuccaSoft

Senior Web Developer

January 2012 - June 2013 , August 2015 - Present

-   Coded functionality for multiple web applications in Javascript,
    PHP, XML, and the ModX Content Management System.
-   Designed, coded, and maintained a single-page web application to
    manage teams, update scores, and provide live results for an annual
    softball tournament attended by more than 400 players and personnel.
-   Wrote a softball playoff-seeding calculator that integrated with
    existing tournament system to reduce administrative time-cost per
    season.
-   Implemented the Active.com golf tee-time API to build a tee-time
    searcher and scheduler.
-   Focused on readability and maintainability of code.

Insight Designs Web Solutions, LLC.

LAMP Developer, System Administrator

July 2014 - August 2015

-   Maintained dozens of web sites and servers across multiple
    environments, writing custom front-end and back-end code to fulfill
    customer requirements.
-   Installed, updated, maintained, and wrote custom code for Wordpress,
    Magento, and Drupal sites, including legacy sites with outdated
    codebase.
-   Communicated with clients personally to troubleshoot problems, offer
    solutions, and provide estimates on projects.
-   Wrote custom PHP and Bash scripts to launch scheduled tasks,
    maintain files, solve complicated formulas, and assess security
    vulnerabilities.
-   Acted as one of only a few technology experts, able to help
    coworkers and clients on other projects with a wide variety of
    technical issues.

LivnGiv, Inc.

LAMP Developer, System Administrator, Tech Lead

July 2013 - July 2014

-   Designed and maintained features for medium-scale LAMP application
    across multiple load-balanced AWS instances, used by several hundred
    users.
-   Acted as tech-lead, coordinating development with upper-management,
    and overseeing the work of two other developers.
-   Was responsible for system and database administration, keeping
    servers up-to-date and secure, as well as managing periodic data
    back-ups and system performance.
-   Improved-upon existing systems, including a web API that interfaced
    with iOS and Android mobile devices, and an employee-facing CMS for
    updating content easily.

Lazer Bearings

Co-founder

June 2007 - December 2008

-   Built a skateboard-bearing business with a single other partner from
    the ground up, from initial conceptualization to placement in nine
    storefronts in the Los-Angeles area.
-   Participated in all aspects of maintaining and operating the
    business, from product and packaging design, manufacturer relations,
    and website design; to sales, event promotion, and customer service.
-   Planned and promoted a large-scale promotional event, The Art of
    Skateboarding, with live music, art gallery, a skateboard-ramp, and
    ten employees, which was attended by 500 people.


Education:

University of California - Santa Cruz

Computational Mathematics Major

-   Completed third year of B.S. in Computational Mathematics, leaving
    school to start career.
-   Coursework focused on problem-solving and abstract thinking.
-   Relevant Courses: Programming in Java, Multi-variable Calculus,
    Advanced Linear Algebra, Real Analysis, Proofs and Problem-solving.


Skills / Interests:

-   Back-end: Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP, Git, Bash, Wordpress, Magento,
    Drupal
-   Front-end: HTML5/CSS3, Javascript/jQuery, Foundation/Bootstrap
    responsive frameworks, Smarty PHP Templating, Angular
-   10 years of hobby experience in web development prior to starting
    career.
-   10 years of Linux use, including Bash shell scripting,
    server/database administration, managing virtual machines, and
    general troubleshooting.
-   Fond interest in Math and Computer Science.
-   Codility Silver Certificate holder and Project Euler member.
-   Enjoys composing and performing music.
-   Conversational Polish speaker

Copyright 2017 John Brzezicki
